Updated documentation for Deduplication (#5004)
thanos-io/thanos: docs/components/query.md

If you prefer availability over accuracy you can set tighter timeout to underlying StoreAPI than overall query timeout. If partial response strategy is NOT `abort`, this will "ignore" slower StoreAPIs producing just warning with 200 status code response.

### Timing differences for metric scraping

> For example: If 2 prom replicas are scraping the same metrics (prom A and prom B) and if A is consistently reading metrics traffic every 15s at the 5 (every minute at 5, 20, 35, 50) and B is consistently reading the same metrics every 15s at the 14 (every minute at 14, 29, 44, 59) what is the impact to the total metric over a minute if the A process stops? Or if B stops?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example: If 2 Prometheus replicas are scraping the same metrics (Prometheus A and Prometheus B) and if A is consistently reading metrics traffic every 15s starting at the 5 mark (every minute at 5, 20, 35, 50) and B is consistently reading the same metrics every 15s at the 14 mark (every minute at 14, 29, 44, 59) what is the impact to the total metric over a minute if the A process stops? Or if B stops?
```

Reviewer: Also please check the DCO here: https://github.com/thanos-io/thanos/pull/5004/checks?check_run_id=4639494785 Thanks!

Author: Made the suggested changes and created a new pull request https://github.com/thanos-io/thanos/pull/5057  Please provide feedback.

> The total impact would be that there would be fewer samples in the query result. The deduplication is merging the datasets from the two instances into one. One Prometheus should be enough to provide you with what you need. I think of multiple instances as replication, but it's not the same kind of replication you'd get from any other standard replication setup, because your sample times are slightly off. However, it's still considered replicated data. So Thanos attaches to them and provides you with a query interface across your replicas. As long as one replica is alive then you should consider your query results are valid, even though you may have fewer samples than had you queried 3 replicas.

Reviewer 2: Let's not use the first person in documentation because it's not clear who is speaking to a random reader on the Internet. Also, there could be multiple authors of the same document. :smile:

Author: Made the suggested changes and created a new pull request https://github.com/thanos-io/thanos/pull/5057  Please provide feedback
